Update How-to Guide landing page (#140)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: v3/how-to-guides/index.mdx

---
title: Substrate How-to guides
slug: /how-to-guides/v3
version: 3.0 
section: how to guides
category: overview
hideNav: true
---

> Substrate how-to guides are in-depth guides developers with some prior knowledge of Substrate and a 

Reviewer: ... guides for developers ...

  linkText={`Pallet Design`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/pallet-design`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`All guides about benchmarking and weight configurations for runtime engineers.`}
  linkText={`Weights`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/weights`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`Guides to cover different use cases for testing pallets and other runtime logic.`}
  linkText={`Testing`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/testing`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`A collection of guides to help runtime engineers with different types of storage migrations.`}
  linkText={`Storage Migrations`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/storage-migrations`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`Discover different ways to implement consensus mechanisms in your runtimes.`}
  linkText={`Consensus`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/consensus`}
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`All things related to integrating and extending standalone Substrate chains to parachains.`}
  linkText={`Parachains`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/parachains`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`Guides for tools that are not included out-of-the-box to help you managing Substrate chains in production.`}
  linkText={`Tools`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/tools`}

> />

Reviewer: We can iterate on the wording, but ideally we'd have parallel construction for each category (probably starting with a verb).

---
title: Substrate How-to guides
slug: /how-to-guides/v3
version: 3.0 
section: how to guides
category: overview
hideNav: true
---

Substrate how-to guides are in-depth guides developers with some prior knowledge of Substrate and a 
specific goal they want to achieve. Learn more about contributing to these guides [here](/v3/contribute/how-to-guides).

## Browse Categories

<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`Learn the simple patterns that runtime engineers know inside out. These guides cover the basics 
  that will help you understand more complex topics.`}
  linkText={`Basics`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/basics`}
  />
<RelatedMaterialBlock

>   text={`A collection of guides that cover common concepts for building pallets using FRAME, with specific use cases to 
>   give meaningful context to each guide.`}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  text={`A collection of best practices on building pallets using FRAME.`}
```

  linkText={`Pallet Design`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/pallet-design`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`All guides about benchmarking and weight configurations for runtime engineers.`}
  linkText={`Weights`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/weights`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`Guides to cover different use cases for testing pallets and other runtime logic.`}
  linkText={`Testing`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/testing`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`A collection of guides to help runtime engineers with different types of storage migrations.`}
  linkText={`Storage Migrations`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/storage-migrations`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock
  text={`Discover different ways to implement consensus mechanisms in your runtimes.`}
  linkText={`Consensus`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/consensus`}
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock

>   text={`All things releated to integrating and extending parachain capabilities to standalone Substrate chains.`}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  text={`All things related to integrating and extending standalone Substrate chains to parachains.`}
```

  linkText={`Parachains`}
  link={`/how-to-guides/parachains`}
  
/>
<RelatedMaterialBlock

>   text={`Guides relating to using tools for getting your chain ready for production or integrate ways to interact with
>   your runtime.`}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  text={`Guides for tools that are not included out-of-the-box to help you managing Substrate chains in production.`}
```
